[fix][doc] fix `ackReceiptEnabled` doc (#16923)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-java.md

`autoAckOldestChunkedMessageOnQueueFull`|boolean|Whether to automatically acknowledge pending chunked messages when the threashold of `maxPendingChunkedMessage` is reached. If set to `false`, these messages will be redelivered by their broker. |true
`maxPendingChunkedMessage`|int| The maximum size of a queue holding pending chunked messages. When the threshold is reached, the consumer drops pending messages to optimize memory utilization.|10
`expireTimeOfIncompleteChunkedMessageMillis`|long|The time interval to expire incomplete chunks if a consumer fails to receive all the chunks in the specified time period. The default value is 1 minute. | 60000

> `ackReceiptEnabled`|boolean| If `ackReceiptEnabled` is enabled, ACK returns a receipt. The message may still be resent after getting the receipt. | false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ackReceiptEnabled`|boolean| If `ackReceiptEnabled` is enabled, ACK returns a receipt. The client got the ack receipt means the broker has processed the ack request, but if without transaction, the broker does not guarantee persistence of acknowledgments, which means the messages still have a chance to be redelivered after the broker crashes. With the transaction, the client can only get the receipt after the acknowledgments have been persistent. | false
```

Author: Thanks, I update it.
